Fra:	Mr. David Baco,Jr <managerrcouriercompany@gmail.com>
Sendt:	26. juli 2023 00:46
Til:	Recipients
Emne:	Attention Beneficiary /Urgently Response

Attention Beneficiary

Money Gram Inc wish to officially inform you through this medium that your USD$8,500,000.00 outstanding 
transaction with us has been perfected and the fund release order application has been approved in your favor 
for your total funds to be released to you through Money Gram Swift Money transfer, Your funds transfer 
approval was granted since by the appropriate authorities and endorsed by Money Gram Head Office, but the 
maximum amount you will be receiving every day starting from tomorrow is $9,000.00 twice daily as reflected 
in our transfer system daily until the total funds is completely transferred here in Republic of Benin to you.

This special arrangement is being used to avoid all scrupulous demands by both the states and federal 
authorities that have previously delayed your payment till date; we shall need your maximum co-operation to 
ensure that strictness and confidence is maintained to avoid any further delays. You are to discard any request 
asking you to send money to any agency such as Courier Company, Bank and Security Agency as there are no 
such and any money committed there will be regretted, so be wise.

The above arrangement has been signed and endorsed by (ECOWAS), UNITED NATION (UN), EUROPEAN UNION 
(EU) given credence that this transaction is devoid of any form of illegality.

Please contact the Accredited MONEY GRAM Agent for the details of your first payment of $9,000 USD and 
reconfirm your correct details that you will like the first transfer to be program with such as Receivers Name, 
destination where you will like the transfer to be send to and your cell phone number for urgent 
communication if the need arise.

Contact Person,
Mr.Dan Walker
Email:ubabankoffafrrica.org@gmail.com

Fill your details below for reference purposes:
*NAME OF CUSTOMER:...........
*ADDRESS:............
*COUNTRY:............
*TELEPHONE:.........
*Text Question:...........
*Answer:........................

Remember your obligation to secure an International Remittance Form as stated in United Nation act of 
(FRT209) that will help build and renew your transfer file for record keeping as a way of checkmating the 
present Economics crisis situations.

Thanks and God Bless
Barrister. David Baco,Jr
